README.md, before:

# Netflix GPT

- Create react app
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- SignUp Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- FireBase SetUp
- Deploying our App to production
- Create SignUp User Account
- Implement Sign In user API
- Created Redux store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign Out
- Updated Profile
- BugFix : if the user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix : If the user is not logged in Redirect / browse to login page and vice-versa
- unsubscribe to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- ADD Harcoded value to constants files.
- Register TMDB API & create app & get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update store with movies data
- planning for Main Container & Secondary Container
- Fetch Data for Trailer Video
- Update Store with Trailer Video Data
- Embedded the Youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome
- Build Secondary Component
- Added MovieList
- Added MovieCard
- Fetch Data for nowPlaying, Popular Movies and store in the appStore
- GPT Search PAge
- GPT Search bar
- Multi-language Feature in our App (Bonus)

# Features
- Login
    - Sign In/ Sign Up Form
    - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse
    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Trailer in background
        - Title & Description
        - Movie Subscription
            - MovieList * N
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie SUggestion

Commit message:

Implemeneted GPT API, movie Suggestions

README.md, after:

# Netflix GPT

- Create react app
- Configured TailwindCSS
- Header
- Routing of App
- Login Form
- SignUp Form
- Form Validation
- useRef Hook
- FireBase SetUp
- Deploying our App to production
- Create SignUp User Account
- Implement Sign In user API
- Created Redux store with userSlice
- Implemented Sign Out
- Updated Profile
- BugFix : if the user displayName and profile picture update
- BugFix : If the user is not logged in Redirect / browse to login page and vice-versa
- unsubscribe to the onAuthStateChanged callback
- ADD Harcoded value to constants files.
- Register TMDB API & create app & get access token
- Get Data from TMDB now playing movies list API
- Custom hook for now playing movies
- Create movieSlice
- Update store with movies data
- planning for Main Container & Secondary Container
- Fetch Data for Trailer Video
- Update Store with Trailer Video Data
- Embedded the Youtube video and make it autoplay and mute
- Tailwind Classes to make Main Container look awesome
- Build Secondary Component
- Added MovieList
- Added MovieCard
- Fetch Data for nowPlaying, Popular Movies and store in the appStore
- GPT Search PAge
- GPT Search bar
- Multi-language Feature in our App (Bonus)
- Added Gpt Api to
- Reuses MovieList to shoe the GPT Movie Suggestion Result

# Features
- Login
    - Sign In/ Sign Up Form
    - redirect to Browse Page
- Browse
    - Header
    - Main Movie
        - Trailer in background
        - Title & Description
        - Movie Subscription
            - MovieList * N
- NetflixGPT
    - Search Bar
    - Movie SUggestion
